This is a game of heroic-fantasy, inspired by role playing games and videogames. Each player controls a Dark Lord, who is represented by a 6x6 big Throne Room. Dark Lords manage their creatures, where they go, what they try to do, what Talent they use, their happiness, their needs and their combat tactics. You move goblins, slimes, anacondas, spiders, skeletons, just to mention the most common minions. Each species has special abilities and Talents. The Dark Lords develop, upgrade, defend their respective dungeon. You will dig the earth into tunnels, harvest the resources (earth, sea, magical food), build Doors, Traps, Bridges. You recruit creatures of the dark and prepare, in parallel, a group of goody-two-shoes heroes to invade your competitor Dark Lords.
You can eventually send your creatures to the dreaded the Sun Land, because juicy quests are there, waiting to be accomplished. Meanwhile, Heroes go adventuring into the Dungeons. The heroic Villagers and king's men encounter monsters, loot treasure, equip magical weapons, break ceiling to let the Sun light in, all the while managing their precious light sources.
The mind boggling combinations of the middle to late game are prone to let players dream from one day to another. Depending on the layout of your dungeon, your creatures, the point of contact with another competitor's dungeon, many strategies emerge. Should you maximize mining, fishing? Should you strive to get that special creature? How much should you bid for a tile? Should you send your minions exploring or harvesting? You quickly develop the feeling of "owning" the dungeon you carved. Before you know it, you really feel like you are in charge of a subterranean territory. You become territorial.

This game is complex, monstrous. There is a heavy touch of management and logistics. Its ecological system is designed to auto-balance itself, without any obvious victory path. The best designed dungeon layout is not a guarantee of victory, but, a badly designed one will contribute to the demise of your ambition. Accumulating resources does not guarantee victory but constantly being low on resources will shrink a Dark Lord's chance to win. The ecosystem is big enough to reach the critical mass necessary for a self-sustaining system. It enlivens a cohesive, stable world which makes sense. Its sheer size is what makes it puzzling, stimulating, epic. Each game bears its own unique development. One is never sure to win. Careful cautious planning ready for the unexpected to happen is a strategy equally worthwhile compared to the aggressive ruthless “army making” approach or resource-hoarding turtling strategy. Strategies have to adapt and evolve depending on factors you only control partially. Unpredictability is high due to the sheer number of different variables, elements, moving parts and the way they interact with one another. There are so many parameters that they balance each other since you cannot do simultaneously everything everywhere. Recruit too many Evil Creatures and more Heroes will invade you. Spend too much money on Rooms and you won’t have enough to win auctions or buy lanterns for your Heroes. Skimp on food gathering and famine is looming. Extend too far to get Mana and you’ll be easily invaded. You can never have enough of everything, but the other Dark Lords as well, thus trading is promoted because no single resource is enough to win. You need to balance, manage several aspects of your Dungeon. For example, one of the mechanisms ensuring fluidity is the way Artefact Gear are spread on the map. Good “Aura” Treasures must be placed by you, hidden in the depths of your Dungeon, attracting adventurers into the darker areas. On the opposite, Evil Artefacts are hidden around the Black Well, central permanent access point between the Sun Land above and the Dungeons, attracting dungeon creatures nearby the connection to the Sun Land.

Leading a team of heroic humans as well as a menagerie of monsters, the player will compete, ally, cooperate, battle the game and the other players, in a soft, cold and strategic contest. The game creates new challenges to figure out, with a new map every time. Due to the incomplete information, the Fog of War and the unknown intentions of the other players, the game is unpredictable. Unavoidable surprises will rock vulnerable systems but only delay strong dungeons.
The Sunland, ripe with heroes, provides an extra layer of adventuring and challenges. There are around 50 quests, both good and evil. There are around 12 victory conditions. The game is heroic-fantasy but surfs over science-fiction, metaphysics, alchemy, esoteric, astrology, geology, religion, periodic element table, tunnel life, astrophysics, civilisations, optics, mathematics, mechanics, 3-D geometry, Hollow Earth, tech tree, vampirism, dragons, auction, rare earth, radioactivity, traps, A.I....
